# What's new for enterprise in macOS Tahoe 26 - Apple Support

Source: https://support.apple.com/en-us/124963
Scraped: 2026-02-01 02:16:58

---

What's new for enterprise in macOS Tahoe 26

Learn about the enterprise content that Apple has released for macOS Tahoe 26.

macOS updates improve the stability, performance, or compatibility of your device and are recommended for all users. Device administrators can
manage software updates
using a device management service.

For information about general improvements,
learn about updates to macOS Tahoe
.

For details about the security content of these updates, see
Apple security releases
.

macOS Tahoe 26.2

App privacy permissions configured by device management are now shown in System Settings > Privacy & Security.
Resolved an issue where the Lock Screen became unresponsive on a Mac configured for Platform SSO with smart card authentication.
Stability is improved when viewing log files in Console with Now mode enabled.

macOS Tahoe 26.1

Device management services can skip the OS Showcase and Update Completed setup panes.
When the declarative software update enforcement deadline is reached, and the countdown to restart the device is prompted, the option to select “Not Now” is not available.
Platform SSO registration using Secure Enclave key authentication in Setup Assistant does not prompt users for passwords when valid SSO tokens are available from the identity provider.

macOS Tahoe 26.0.1

The profile editor window in Apple Configurator for Mac is correctly displayed.
Device management configurations with hardware-bound 802.1X identities are successfully installed.

macOS Tahoe 26.0

macOS Tahoe includes new features such as device management service migration, declarative app management, and enhancements for Platform Single Sign-on (SSO).

Device management

Apple School Manager and Apple Business Manager now support migrating a device with iOS 26, iPadOS 26, or macOS 26 to a new device management service as well as enforcing enrollment deadlines on eligible devices.
Organizations can deploy App Store apps, Custom Apps, and packages using declarative device management.
Device management can activate and enforce Platform SSO during Setup Assistant with Automated Device Enrollment.
Authenticated guest mode provides an expedited login experience for users who use a Mac for a short period of time with Platform SSO, including a Tap to Login option using compatible NFC accessories.
New configurations for Safari allow organizations to customize the browsing experience for their users including bookmarks, start page, content summarization, and private browsing.
When a Mac has the
Restore
skip key configured by a device management service and that service erases the Mac, the “Transfer Your Data to This Mac” pane is skipped during the next setup.
If a FileVault recovery key escrow configuration is installed by device management on a Mac when a recovery key is already present, the key is automatically rotated prior to escrow if a bootstrap token is present.
“Ready for Apple Intelligence” notifications and badges are not shown on devices where any Apple Intelligence features are restricted by device management.
Software update management using mobile device management commands, restrictions, the
com.apple.SoftwareUpdate
payload, and queries is deprecated and will be removed next year. Going forward, software updates can be managed and enforced using only declarative software update management.

Bug fixes and other improvements

Organizations can use a new Network Extension URL filtering API to provide a comprehensive and privacy-preserving URL filtering solution across the entire system.
FileVault can now be unlocked over
ssh
after a restart if Remote Login is enabled and a network connection is available. More information is available on the
apple_ssh_and_filevault
manual page.
Accessory security settings are now applied from macOS to macOS Recovery, including previously allowed accessories and the device management restriction
allowUSBRestrictedMode
to always allow accessories.
Algorithms DES, 3DES, SHA1-96, and SHA1-160, as well as Diffie-Hellman groups less than 14, are no longer supported for IKEv2 VPNs.
macOS now supports the Apple Sparse Image Format (ASIF).
An error is not shown if a user attempts to use Talk to Siri when Siri is restricted by device management.
Resolved an issue in Keychain Access where the selected keychain appeared empty.
Stability is improved for AirPlay mirroring when viewing slides in a web browser.

Published Date:

December 12, 2025
