# Keep your Mac up to date - Apple Support

Source: https://support.apple.com/guide/mac-help/get-macos-updates-mchlpx1065/mac
Scraped: 2026-02-02 00:23:26
Type: Apple Support Article

---

Select version:
macOS Tahoe 26
macOS Sequoia 15
macOS Sonoma 14
macOS Ventura 13
macOS Monterey 12
macOS Big Sur 11.0
macOS Catalina 10.15
macOS Mojave 10.14
macOS High Sierra
Search this guide
Table of Contents
Keep your Mac up to date

To ensure you have the latest features and security updates, Apple releases software updates for macOS. These updates come with improvements for built-in apps like Safari, Mail, and Notes.

If you receive a notification that software updates are available, you can choose to install the updates immediately, or choose to install the updates later that night. You can also check for macOS updates manually in Software Update settings.

Tip: To check for updates to software you’ve downloaded from the App Store, open the App Store.

Check for updates manually

To install updates manually on your Mac, do one of the following:

Go to the System Settings app on your Mac. Click General in the sidebar (you may need to scroll down), then click Software Update.

To update software downloaded from the App Store, click the Apple menu—the number of available updates, if any, is shown next to App Store. Choose App Store to continue in the App Store app.

Set Mac software update options

Go to the System Settings app on your Mac.

Click General in the sidebar. (You may need to scroll down.)

Click Software Update.

Click next to Automatic Updates, then do any of the following:

To have your Mac download updates without asking, turn on “Download new updates when available.”

To have your Mac install macOS updates automatically, turn on “Install macOS updates.”

To have your Mac install system files and Rapid Security Responses automatically, turn on “Install Security Responses and system files.”

Click Done.

Note: Laptop computers must have the power adapter plugged in to automatically download updates.

See also
Install and uninstall apps from the internet or a disc on Mac
Get macOS updates and apps
Software Update settings on Mac
Helpful?
Yes
No
