# What's new in the updates for macOS Tahoe - Apple Support

Source: https://support.apple.com/en-us/122868
Scraped: 2026-02-01 02:16:53

---

What's new in the updates for macOS Tahoe

macOS Tahoe 26 updates improve the stability, performance, or compatibility of your Mac and are recommended for all macOS Tahoe users.

How to get these updates
About the security content of these updates
What's new for enterprise in these updates

macOS Tahoe 26.2

Edge Light

Edge Light video effect uses the Mac display to illuminate your face like a virtual ring light when you’re on a video call in low light
Customizable light width and temperature give you control over how you’re lit
Mouse awareness ensures that the light recedes when you need to access content underneath
Option to have the light turn on automatically in low light situations on Mac computers introduced in 2024 and later

Podcasts

Automatically generated chapters make it easier to navigate more episodes
Links to mentioned podcasts let you see and follow other podcasts mentioned in the episode you’re listening to directly from the player and transcript

Games

Filters in the Games library let you find games by category, size, and more
In-game challenge score banners provide real-time updates when someone new has taken the lead
Connected controller support

This update also includes the following enhancements and bug fixes

AirDrop codes offer an additional layer of verification when using AirDrop with unknown contacts by providing a code on the receiver’s device that the sender must enter to complete the transfer
Apple News Section links in the sidebar of the News app offer easy navigation to popular topics like Sports, Politics, Business, and Food
Tables in Freeform can hold text, images, documents, and drawings, with cells that intelligently resize to fit, bringing structure to the infinite canvas
Favorite Songs playlist appears in Top Picks in Apple Music
Fixes an issue where pre-release albums in the library were not immediately playable at their release time

macOS Tahoe 26.1

This update includes the following features and enhancements:

Liquid Glass setting gives you the option to choose between the default clear look or a new tinted look which increases opacity of the material in apps
Apple Music AutoMix support over AirPlay
Improved FaceTime audio quality in low-bandwidth conditions
Communication Safety and Web content filters to limit adult websites are enabled by default for existing child accounts for ages 13–17 (age varies by country or region)

macOS Tahoe 26.0.1

This update provides important bug fixes, security updates, and resolves an issue that prevented some users from upgrading to macOS Tahoe on Mac Studio (M3 Ultra, 2025).

macOS Tahoe 26

macOS Tahoe introduces a stunning new design and Apple Intelligence features, along with delightful ways to work across your devices and boost your productivity.

New design featuring Liquid Glass

The new design makes the iconic elements of macOS fresh yet familiar. A transparent menubar makes your display feel larger. Apps with Liquid Glass sidebars and toolbars reflect and refract what you're viewing, drawing more focus to your content. And you can personalize icons and widgets, giving them a light, dark, tinted, or new clear look to match your style.

Customize the look of your folders

To make folders easy to recognize, you can give them a distinctive appearance. You can now choose a unique color and add emoji or symbol.

Personalize Control Center

Enjoy more ways to customize what controls appear in Control Center, and how they’re laid out. Add new controls from Mac and even iPhone apps, including from your favorite third-party apps. Arrange them however you like, and even create pages of controls. You can also place controls right into the menu bar for easier access.

Communicate seamlessly across languages with Live Translation

With Apple Intelligence, Live Translation helps you automatically translate texts in Messages, follow along with live-translated captions in FaceTime calls, or get real-time spoken translation in the Phone app.* It works entirely on-device so your personal conversations stay personal.

Create incredibly powerful shortcuts

The Shortcuts app is supercharged with Apple Intelligence. Intelligent actions can summarize text, create images, or tap directly into Apple Intelligence models.* And with automations on Mac, you can make shortcuts run automatically based on conditions, such as the time of day, file or folder updates, connecting to an external monitor, and more.

New options for making Genmoji

Mix your favorite emoji together with descriptions to make something brand new.* And get more control over Genmoji inspired by family and friends, with new options like hairstyle customization to help you match their latest look.

More ways to create the perfect image in Image Playground

Get more control over images inspired by people from your photos library, with new options to change their expressions or hairstyle to match their latest look.* You can also access new ChatGPT styles, like Watercolor or Oil Painting, and use Any Style to describe what you want.

See Live Activities from iPhone on Mac

Continuity gets even better with Live Activities. Easily stay on top of activities that you started on iPhone, like tracking the progress of your order from Uber Eats, right from the menu bar on Mac. You can even click on the Live Activity to open the app in iPhone Mirroring.

All-new Phone app

Powered by Continuity, the new Phone app for Mac lets you relay cellular calls from your nearby iPhone. Call Screening can help you manage unwanted calls by finding out who’s calling and why, without interrupting you. You can also access familiar features—including Recents, Contacts, and Voicemails—and new ones like Hold Assist and Live Translation.*

Focus your Messages conversations

To help you focus on what matters, new screening tools filter out unknown numbers from your conversation list until you mark them as known, and on-device spam detection helps filter out spam. You can also add a background to your conversation to give it a distinctive look. And send polls to friends and family over iMessage and watch the votes come in live.*

Discover new ways to browse in Spotlight

Spotlight makes it easy to see all your apps, locate recent or suggested files, discover actions you can take, and view your clipboard history. Just launch Spotlight from the menu bar and select the Applications, Files, Actions, or Clipboard button, which will appears next to the search field.

Take actions directly from Spotlight

You can now take hundreds of new system and app actions right from Spotlight, such as sending messages, creating an event, and running shortcuts, all without lifting your hands off the keyboard. And to get things done faster, Spotlight automatically assigns quick keys to actions you take, so you can execute them in just a few characters.

Experience the new Apple Games app

The Apple Games app is your one-stop gaming destination. Discover the latest updates across your games, such as in-game events, major updates, and games your friends are playing. Access your entire game library. And compete with friends in challenges.

* Apple Intelligence is available in beta. For feature and language availability and system requirements, see
support.apple.com/121115
.
Some features may not be available in all countries or regions, in all languages, or on all devices. To learn more, visit
apple.com/macos/feature-availability
.
Software updates, like these, add new features and improvements that may affect performance or battery life. To learn more, visit
support.apple.com/125039
.

Published Date:

December 12, 2025
